# mixtapes-of-migration

Migration is one of the most important and contested features of today’s interconnected world. In one way or another, it has transformed most if not all contemporary nation-states into “pluralist,” “post-migrant,” and/or “super-diverse” polities. And it affects everyone— regardless of their own migratory status. This course examines the history of migration from local, national, and global perspectives, with particular emphasis on the uneven economic and geopolitical developments that have produced specific forms of mobility into and through the U.S. The course also traces the emergence of new modes of border regulation and migration governance as well as novel forms of migrant cultural production and representation. Above all, it aims to provide students with the tools to engage critically with many of the concepts and buzzwords—among them “asylum,” “border,” “belonging,” “citizenship,” and “illegality”—that define contemporary public debates. While many of the readings are based in the field of anthropology, the course also includes texts from cultural studies, geography, history, literature, philosophy, political theory, and sociology. The course thereby aims to provide students with a broad interdisciplinary introduction to migration studies. A Lexicon of Migration is a Bard/HESP network course that will collaborate with similar courses at Al-Quds Bard, the American University of Central Asia, and Bard College Berlin.

Mixtapes of Migration is a portfolio of mixtapes generated by students of the Lexicon of Migration class 2020 at the Al-Quds Bard College for the Arts and Sciences.

Thematically, each of the mixtapes engages with one of the keywords form our lexicon of
migration.

Beyond the keyword, every mixtape also weaves around a certain geographic locale: a place,
space, city, landscape or region.

# Credits

Theme based on Hive theme by Pixel Grade https://pixelgrade.com/hive-lite-documentation/ 
Exported to static HTML with Wordpress Simply Static;
For license information on sound content refer to soundcloud;

Original Assignment for Mixtapes based Laura Menchaca Ruiz pedagoical work; and  Professor Danielle Riou and Professor Dina Ramadan’s Human Rights Radio assignment.

